Contact dropped out teams about the virtual competition (#53)
srobo/team-emails: SR2020/2020-05-26-virtual-competition-dropped-out-teams.md

---
to: sr2020-teams
subject: Would you like to compete in the Student Robotics 2020 Virtual Competition
---

> ![](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/resources/competition-simulator/arena.png)

Reviewer: Not sure if this is just a limitation of markdown, but we should ensure that this doesn't fill the screen for recipients (as it does in the preview on GitHub). It may also make sense to embed it as a (downsized) inline image rather than a link to a huge external one.

Reviewer 2: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/6527489/84569311-74c7f480-ad7d-11ea-83b7-575dc9fe934a.png)

Here's how it looks in Gmail. I think this is fine.

Hello!

> We understand that you dropped out of Student Robotics 2020. However, given the situation regarding COVID-19 and our switch to a virtual competition, your circumstances may have changed.

Reviewer 2: This sentence reads a little weird to me. 

```suggestion
We understand that were unable to compete in the Student Robotics 2020 competition. However, given the situation regarding COVID-19 and our [transition to a virtual competition}(https://studentrobotics.org/news/2020-05-22-virtual-competition-transition/), we're wondering if you may be interested in competing again?
```

Author: Thanks, that reads much better!

[Competition Simulator Docs](https://studentrobotics.org/docs/competition-simulator/)

Due to some compatibility and API changes, it's unlikely your existing code will work exactly in the simulator. However we've tried to keep it as similar as possible, and easily adaptable from what you've already written.

## Competition Format

Our intention is to run this in a very similar way to the regular competition. In early July (subject to change), we'll run virtual competition sessions, taking place on weekends and streamed live. There will be a few league match sessions, followed by a knockout final. Your code will be submitted to us before the weekend session, ready for running. In between sessions, you are free to make any and all modifications to your robot's code.

More details on the format will follow in the next few weeks on [our website](https://studentrobotics.org/events/sr2020/virtual-competition/).

## Sign up

If you're interested in entering a team (or teams) into the virtual competition, please sign up using the link below.

[Sign up to the virtual competition](https://forms.gle/xg8Jh3ATJP7Nqygp8)

## Support

> The [forum](https://studentrobotics.org/forum/) will be open and staffed should you need help from us blueshirts.

Reviewer: (also elsewhere): perhaps change from future to present tense?

> The [forum](https://studentrobotics.org/forum/) will be open and staffed should you need help from us blueshirts.

Reviewer 3: s/blueshirts/volunteers/
